I'm married!
My wife is Sun Ruoxue from Sun Group
true or false?
You are married
Sun Ruoxue, the beautiful woman president of Sun Group
Why are you staring so big?
Why should that be so surprising?
Her grandfather and my grandfather were old comrades in arms
These two old men arranged our marriage
Sun Ruoxue and I have no choice
I can only accept that this marriage is not a trail.
You found a treasure, you know?
This beautiful woman is Binhai City
Muse in the eyes of thousands of men
Haha, that's it, ordinary people
Virtue drinking
What? Chen Xiaodao beat Gao Mingyuan?
Yes, and Gao Mingyu said to the outside world
I will never let go of Chen Xiaodao and Wang Shaofeng
This Chen Xiaodao has caused me trouble. It's only been a few days.
Did so much for me
Did he know that he had offended the Gao family?
What does it mean?
By the way, what happened to the whole thing?
Have you investigated clearly? Basically, it has been investigated clearly.
Chen Xiaodao and Shao Feng Building Materials' Wang is always an old comrade-in-arms
This time, it was also Gao Mingyu's first move
Chen Xiaodao belongs to self-defense
That's okay.
Mr. Sun, I just made an appointment with Mr. Wang of Shaofeng Building Materials
He should be here soon.
Well, Gao's Real Estate does something like this
Simply shameless
Since he was clever enough to want that land
We'll give it to him
It's just that everything has to pay a price
You go to work first
Hello, I am Wang Shaofeng.
Sun always, I'm sorry for you.
All because I got Knife in trouble
Come over today
I just made a special trip to apologize to you.
Please tell me what to do next.
The whole thing
It's nothing more than the land that wants you at a high price
With all due respect
With your ability, you can't save it at all
Even if you sell it to him at the lowest price
The Gao family will only get an inch
Yes!
I want to find another developer to sell that land
But they are also afraid of high prices
Dare not take over
So you can only sell that land to me
Sell to you